why didn’t I understand you are me
zaboyalsya joke and she you some on
listen jump down here from the well
so there is no love
listen we will never find feel
how can you fish here look
we throw the fish here, it will tell us
she burned the help of the officers and gave
the fish burned and a match threw something
helped remember no it helped but if
the bottle is interesting too speaks about and not
burned but did not fall dude where are you
four still do not understand you all we checked
not everyone checked dude let's think
logically that i will check such first row
and then I do not remember that you all this him
all check all check
and there was no birch planks
where the joke was written and maybe
here somewhere
You know what nazan trolls now know
of passage and that the output does not it
dear dude Alexei is not there but
just by the way the yacht just walk around
I was here because here there is no passage for a
trolls and there are no passages here
there is no passage to listen to a ball of us tomorrow whether
does not recognize giving for a long time already recognized it
but what I did not find there is not a little I am not
I can find nothing here that hole
I need terms of thorns as a rug and I
found a way out
definitely not to the parties well yes it is not that way
out of 10 here here sho it is this it is not
there and oh look here it is he how are we
I did not understand did not fall here and no
how we didn't get here what kind of nonsense mages and
here 0 okay dude this is the first test
here you fell for my joke
button put the button on it put running
run god i ran and didn't put a button
dude hello, I think I died, but here are mine
Things survived and give it up
give need a man button together what
this is a good idea you can all apple
Convenes can still be raised and the situation
spiders come on let's mark on the buttons
let's shorter those falling shadows
let's see which is where the caddy is commanding
whose help I beat
do you know how to make my square
break can't surprise you put
no one said think think hit
Well, let's get by somehow, okay.
as I think it will be faster found the park about
man neighbors
jumped where and no no not turn on
louder sound so i can hear from you
I had it started somewhere
on the 2nd floor we have the sky above us
the street that the bush something angry hari drill
what we shoot
shone only where
so let me see how far from
that I turned on and connected as possible
and here is the idea of sushi
listen dude i just got so crazy
did not such an expensive ridge thing my
Give my apples throw in Rome throw out
let's ok already about none all
ok yes, stop throwing and everything went
let's just this addiction too yes he's mine
fell again should be in my I died so you
died too and why are we
why we don't understand where